Readme.md for docs and guide/index additions (#1773)
elk-zone/elk: CONTRIBUTING.md

Refer also to https://github.com/antfu/contribute.

> For guidelines on contributing to the documentation, refer to the README at https://github.com/elk-zone/elk/tree/main/docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For guidelines on contributing to the documentation, refer to the [docs README](./docs/README.md).
```
